# Launching the Calm Community AMITo deploy Calm from your AWS AMI, do the following:1. Login to your AWS account. 2. Select **EC2** from your AWS dashboard. 3. Select **Launch Instance**.!!! tip "Note"    You might want to choose your AWS Region to ensure that the instance you’re launching is in the region of your choice.4. Select **Community AMIs** and type Calm in the Search bar. 5. Select the **Calm AMI** from the search results according to the version that you’d like to launch. 6. Select the **Instance Type** as **m3.xlarge** from the list. 7. Select **Next: Configure Instance Details**8. Configure the instance based on your requirements. You can opt for an **Availability Zone** of your choice. Make sure that **IAM Role** is set to **None** and **Shutdown Behaviour** is set to **Stop**. 9. Select **Next: Add Storage** and opt for a **Volume Size** of at least **40 GB**. !!! tip "Note"    It is best to launch an instance with a disk size of **100 GB**.10. Select **Next: Tag Instance** and tag your instance, if required. 11. Select **Next: Configure Security Group**. 12. Select and set **HTTP** and **HTTPS** under **Type**. !!! tip "Note"    **SSH** is preselected as a **Type** by default. **Do not** change this setting. 13. Select **Review and Launch**. 14. Review all the instance configurations that you’ve set and then select **Launch**. 15. Select an existing key pair, create a new key pair or choose to proceed without a key pair to connect to this instance. !!! tip "Note"    A key pair is necessary when you’re trying to SSH into the instance that you’ve launched.*The launch of your Calm AMI will now be initialized and subsequently launched. You can view this AMI by selecting **EC2** and then **Running Instances** from your AWS dashboard. 